I've already made this bite mark, now all I have to do is add a drop of my blood.
But why can't I finish it?
Awesome.
It feels like something's blocking me.
Arrghh.
I've since found his mate.
Use his hair and do a little magic, although I need him to know I'm his only mate.
To temper with a mate bond, it's a sin against the moon god as I can't.
Do I need to remind you what happened the last time someone crossed me?
Do it!
Arrghh.
The spell will dull his ability to sense his bond mate.
With the thick mark on your neck, he will think you're his mate.
But he must stay away from his real mate or the spell won't last.
Maybe it's his nerves.
Shall we try the first step again?
So sweet.
Why is it so familiar?